So Winston, hello. Hello, how are you? Very well. So tell me let's kick off.
Tell me your name and where are we? My name is Winston John. I'm here at Larns the moment.
Okay and what brings you to Larn? I'm a lady, there's from Larns 65 years ago.
65 years ago. Wow, that's good. And I'm the way now.
I'm sorry about that. Tell me, you told me that you used to drive a milk churn
lorry. When was that? 1957-58 up to about 61 or 60's. I've got about three years.
About three years. Was it a good job? Yeah, it wasn't bad. I was a young
just ever driver. I passed my chest when I was 17. Right. And the boss of
in Canton, he came out and he stripped the lorry down of all the unnecessary stuff
that was on it. Yeah. I went to weigh it so that I was able to drive it at that age.
I see, sir. He made it as light as possible. Yeah.
And yeah, that's how it started. My father was a milk churn lorry driver all his life.
Really? He worked for Thomas Brothers in Stappern. Right. And they were bought out by
Winkhamton. Yeah. And he moved to them and that's where he was all his life.
Okay. Okay. And so you were there for three years? Yeah, about three years. Yeah, I think.
I can't quite remember. No, exactly. Yeah. And why did you leave?
One of the things, a different job. Yeah. What did you go into?
I worked in the factory at one day. Right. After that. Yeah. And what was the factory doing?
Sorry. What was the factory doing? With a metal. All sorts of things. Race, but all.
You know, everything in the gut. A better and right mostly. And what, I'll follow then.
What was the name of the race? All sorts of deliver it for a devon cream.
Yeah. In different things. Okay. Different companies. Yeah. Yeah. And that was all done in John
Stun in Cmd. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What were you doing in the factory? Oh, lots. I was made.
There are big boilers there that used to cook the rice really. And used to go in on the big
trays with a dozen of them and they just circle around in the boiler for a certain amount of time.
And then go up the other end and then you'd more and more in. Well, it just changed.
I would use to be here. And when you were driving the lobby,
did you do the same round every day? More or less. Yeah. What was that round?
Oh, Lord. The place to go. To lay away and everything. I remember there was one particular
place. I used to enjoy going there. As you enter to lay, you down the hill as a farm,
right on edge of the village, it only left on the side. And I used to pull up there every morning.
And there was a whitehead fox area on Stun. So I used to get out of the lobby.
I used to come round and jump in. The round entail then went around to lay.
I'm back out there both 100 yards under same road where the farm was.
The teddy would come round and we'd sit in the passenger seat.
And I'd stopped there and before he hit in the main road.
I'd open the door and let him out. That was every day. What was his name?
Oh, I'm not sure. I never saw the farm. I don't know if you can remember.
But the dog was your friend. Yeah. Every day.
Oh, lovely. So when you went out on your rounds, how many rounds a day would you do?
Sometimes three. Depends on some drivers never turned up or something. Yeah. A couple of us
were going to cover the... But normally? Two, two normally.
Yeah. So what time would you start?
Half a certain. Half a certain. And finish? Typically?
Oh, three, half a three. Okay. Okay.
And how many turns on the laundry?
Oh, I don't know.
I haven't got up yet. I haven't got up yet. I haven't got up yet.
But what kind of laundry well said that? A bed-fund laundry. Yeah.
And sometimes you had a rack on top. So you could put extra turns on and down.
Okay. Yeah.
Was it a hard job?
Heavy. It's not all the stung. The same height as the laundry. You know, you're either at a lift
them on or drop them or something. So you're just a couple of sleepers.
Yeah. You know. So that was harder then?
Yeah. Yeah.
A lot of them too, but really? Once you got used to it.
And did you get to know the farmers? A couple of them. Yeah. One thing I got to my credit,
I think, I never left the farmer behind.
Okay. Well done. A lot of drivers. If the children weren't there,
they don't. Gone in the farm, out of trips, in the middle of kids, some of them in those days.
They didn't have the transport like they got now. Yeah.
So if I'd wait about 10 minutes and if you hadn't come down there,
now you're too, if I was able to go up to the farm. Yeah.
And if they were really late, what would the humps go? You know, some breakfast when we finish off?
Wow, that's nice. Yeah.
And I can say, I remember my father coming home with chicken, and bread,
and vegetables, you know, and I never thought much about it.
But then I was having that then because I was waiting for the farmer and the following day,
or a couple of days later, they'd be a chicken on the stand,
or the box of vegetables, or the bag of potatoes. Yeah.
Thank him, he for waiting, you know. That happened quite a lot.
The same, and it was the same farmer, or often or not.
There was always legs. Yeah. Yeah.
So what I'm hearing then is that they appreciated your,
Oh yeah. Your health. Yeah.
And you were really part of that community. I never left anyone behind.
Yeah. I'm sure a lot of people were very grateful for that.
Yeah, well, in those days, it didn't have the transport that they got today.
You know, to take the milk to the factory. Yeah.
And what happened in the summer when it was hot with the milk?
Oh, the, it was oily in the morning, it didn't really affect it.
Okay.
Sometimes there was the drip wet sacks over it, it says.
Yeah. But that was very sad.
I wonder if I wouldn't have got very cold in the winter.
Oh, it was cold. I'm in the gym.
You never fought much of a load of it, didn't you?
You just, you just did it. Just got on with it.
You were young. Yeah. Yeah.
And you would left before the winter of 63, then, did you?
Yeah. Oh, yes. Yeah. Yeah.
So you didn't have to struggle through the snow. No.
No. Yeah. Yeah.
That was, uh, you were lucky there.
Um, so what were the best bits of the job?
Painting.
Was it a well-paid job?
No, it was obviously. I think I don't think it was,
you went over paid, just a few of it, then.
But it, uh, you know, you had your time, you had to
maybe to go to the camp, then, uh,
obviously, no, and things like that.
It was all right.
And how many days a week did you work?
Well, some days, seven.
Worked for a small stay.
Of course. Yeah.
After six days a week, normally.
But I've been there.
And you, you know, it's sort of like, you couldn't say like,
you're having a read Wednesday, office, and then, you could, like,
a Tuesday this week, Wednesday next week.
Okay.
You know, to cope with all of it,
somebody else to do your own, you know.
What would be other drivers like?
Sorry. What would the other drivers like?
Oh, they were good.
Yeah.
Oh, pretty good.
You come good friends?
Hey.
Were they good friends?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
And how many people were working there?
Oh, what happened?
We
25, 30 hours going out every day.
Wow.
And then in the factory?
It's all possible.
100 or more.
You're all doing different kinds of work, you know.
What we got back to the factory with the children,
you put them in and put them on in so that they weigh each farm.
You know, that was a, and then you load up the empties again and then off again.
And how did they know which milk came from which farm?
Yeah, that sort of thing.
They were, they were the label on them.
And you take the label off,
the four terms or whatever.
Yeah.
And they'd be way that.
But it was continued, it wasn't, it wasn't,
we didn't stop, you know.
We just kept waiting for each farm out and the guy you're never
weighed in, next one, next one.
And somebody else was writing a book then,
with that.
No, I don't know.
Right, no.
Well, that would be all right.
I think he might have other book in front of him.
Yeah.
And, and were you in the union?
Yes.
Yeah.
What union was it?
Can you remember?
Sorry.
What union was it?
Can you remember?
I haven't got a clue.
But you remember the union.
Yeah, I think we have to be that, that, yeah.
Ever gone strike?
No.
So it was Coingate who were your employers?
Coingate.
No, Wing Company.
Wing Company.
Yeah.
And what was Coingate then?
Well, there were a lot of us, the milk factory.
Right.
Okay.
And Wing Company contracted out to collect the milk for them.
I understand.
Okay.
I wasn't aware of that.
No.
I get that, man.
Do you remember your salary?
Not a clue.
I know it wasn't enough.
It was a long time ago.
So what?
Over 60 years ago.
Yeah.
I mean, I'm 84, now this year.
Wow.
Well, that would be looking great.
Obviously, that stood you in good stead.
So, do you, you know,
do you have any favorite stories about those times?
I do not know.
Farmer used to go to under.
You had to pull just off the road.
The stun was in his lane.
So he just pulled in there and re-bossed back out.
And there was a bloody bull used to come and meet me every moment.
Wherever in the field he was, wherever in the eye pulled up.
Yeah.
And there's all the words, there's a wide offense the other side of the road,
of the lane.
I could come thunder and out,
and get into a stop beyond barely rain and dig in.
Yeah.
Oh, it's like a great funerary.
Teasing and there and there.
And I was frightened and the beginning was thinking he'd come through the fence.
Yeah.
He never did.
We got to escape to say hello, right?
So you got the dog come into you.
Yeah.
You got the bull come into you.
So you had quite a family of animals.
So you were welcome to be here with me when we were born in.
I've always been a little animal, right?
So they loved you back.
I don't know what the bull would have done, right?
And what was the worst thing that happened?
I don't know.
I can't remember anything, really bad.
No accidents.
No, I'm not talking.
Yeah.
My father had a lot of metal for safe driving,
and he had a lot of accident going.
He was there.
And he was there virtually.
Well, he must have been 30 or 30 years old.
Oh.
Yeah.
Plus what he was doing before.
I'm probably the other job because of him.
Yes.
Well, maybe.
Yeah.
Or probably because you were a good driver too.
No, I don't.
We just passed my test in the car.
So what was your like at night on your first day?
Oh, that's all right.
Yeah.
We had another driver come with you just to show you that.
Yeah, it's fine.
Do you remember some of the farm names?
No, I don't.
Yeah.
I never slept at bother much with names of the farms.
You got new weather, were?
Yeah.
We do your roots.
And so.
So how many farms would you collect from there on a day, do you think?
Well, it was.
34 people have.
Wow.
OK.
Yeah.
But always in that trillich.
My dream trillich.
Oh, yeah.
And...
Talog.
Sorry.
Yeah, old runder.
Yeah.
I feel...
Because there's still lots of daily farms there now.
Yeah.
You know, after 60 years, there's still some of them.
Still going?
Yeah.
Imagine trillich.
All the way up.
And then you should pass the...
I don't know, I got the plug on already.
Yeah.
In bulk new ways.
All of that, please.
Up to blind...
Blind...
Yeah.
Mind you, one.
It's...
So when we will last up there then?
Oh, don't give you...
Ha ha ha ha.
Winston, it's been real pleasure.
That's more trouble than at all.
I would really, really appreciate you contacting us through Facebook.
Yeah.
And well done for keeping up the date with technology.
So, yeah.
Yeah.
So that's...
I'm brilliant.
Thank you very much.
That's your problem at all.
Thank you.
All of us.